1. Explain the four pillars of object-oriented programming.
Answer : The four pillars of object-oriented programming are:
            1. Abstraction : An abstraction is a way of hiding the implementation details and showing ony the
                             functionality to the user. In other word it ignores the irrelevant details and shows
                             only the required one. It also reduces the duplication code.
            2. Polymorphism : As object-oriented programming revolves mainly around objects and objects can behave
                              differently in different scenarios. Polymorphism is nothing but one type but many forms.
                              one type of object can behave differently depending upon the scenario.
            3. Encaptulation : when variable and methods are put into a capsule, known as class, is called
                               encapsulation. It is packing of data and functions into one component, for example class.
            4. Inheritance : The property of acquiring all the properties and behaviour of the parent object by an
                              object is termed as inheritance. It helps in re-usability of code.




2. Differentiate between JRE, JVM and JDK.
Answer : JRE : Java Runtime Environment (JRE) is the implementation of JVM and is defined as a software package that
               provides jaca class libraries, along with JVM and other components to run application. It basically gives
               runtime environment to JAVA
               JRE = JVM + Libraries to run the application

         JVM : Java Virtual Machine (JVM) is an abstract machine that is platform dependent and has functionality to
               execute the JAVA byte code. It will help to run the code in different program.

         JDK : Java Development Kit (JDK) is a software kit to develop application in java. In addition to JRE,
               JDK also contain number of dvelopment tools (compilers, javaDOC, java Debugger  etc). It is
               platform dependent. It is used to develop java program and java- based application.